is this the real life
Amidala place is this just fantasy in
the landslide no escape from reality
I want our simple task force of the most
dangerous people on the planet they're
bad guys worst of the worst
was this a cheerleading tryouts
ah hi boys
Deadshot shoots people he's crocodile he
eats people burns people you're
possessed by wish she's just crazy what
was that I should kill everyone and
escape sorry
the voices I'm kidding
that's not what they really said this is
the deal you're going somewhere very bad
do something that gets killed so save
the world I can't wait to show you my
toys let's do something fun
on me
you
seriously the hell's wrong with you
people for bad guys it's what we do
you